Selling dolls
Do children like dolls?
Hey, what are you doing?
Enough, take this pile of trash and get out of here
This booth doesn't belong to you now.
But I just signed a one-year contract.
The contract is just a piece of paper to me
It's not up to me to decide who the award is.
A lowly person like you with no money and no power
If you are bullied, you can only endure it
No matter what, don't get out again, I'll smash it with others
Ah!
Su Mingcheng
This is the pinnacle car of the five kings that just coexisted in the world.
Is Su Mingcheng?
How could he come to a place like this?
Oh my god, next to it is the medical sanctuary, Destiny Hospital, right?
I heard he is the next one
A contender for the Nobel Medical Hall
Their eldest brother will be the first to pay 470 people
Su Mingzhe is the real hero
invincible on the field
Led the market value of the Su family to exceed trillion
Who is it?
Can you attract these three great gods?
Big brother, second brother, third brother, why are you here?
Little sister, why did you leave home to eat?
To suffer like this?
Isn't that nice?
As the eldest lady of the Su family
How to be willing to be
What about the housewives of second-rate families?
It's my brother, that's in the past
I'm doing well with Ruicheng now
And he's already worth over a billion
Ok what
Why don't you take your own private money to his company?
Inject capital to listen to us
Go back immediately
Oh brothers
I know you are for my own good
But I, He Ruicheng, am really happy now.
And he's pretty successful now.
Today is our wedding anniversary.
I just wanted to tell him who I was
Just treat it as a surprise for him.
We'll be able to go in a private group soon
Okay, okay, what's the matter?
The three of us are on call
Go away, it's alright
Then go or not
Brother, just help me collect it.
Mom, why are you here?
I'm going back to cook
You don't have to cook anymore
Hurry up and sign for the divorce, admit defeat and get out of the Gu family
divorce